What do you mean?
You lied to me before
Yeah it's late you know it's late now
today
I'll let you go to the west with that trash
I betrayed him.
What to earn
Before that
Let my good brothers wave first
Zhang Shaojue, you bastard
Ah, since you are dying
Then I will send you to the west now
die
If you dare to touch her
I made your life worse than death
Hahaha Ye Feifan
I thought you didn't care about this
Ye Feifan, leave me alone
You go and shut up
Zheng Shaoju
You're risking your own death.
I wanted to leave a way out for your Zhang family
It doesn't seem necessary now
Ye Weilan, you killed my father
Led me to Zhang Jiafucha
You tell me now
Said it was to leave a number for my Zhang family
Hahaha, but it doesn't matter.
As long as I kill you today
Everything, he will come back.
Someone will help me revive the price increase
The mastermind behind the scenes really still has contact with the Zhang family
Kill me, then I'll see if you have the ability.